{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14020\viewh14440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Life after The Iron Yard\
\
Prior to coming to TIY, I was involved in the healthcare industry for over 10 years, working mainly in the billing side of things. Being in the healthcare industry, i knew from the very beginning that this path was not for me. Why did I stay for so long? Good question! Healthcare became \'93home\'94 for me to pay my bills and have steady income coming in on either a weekly basis or bi-weekly. I was never happy being in healthcare.  I\'92ve had some moments where I thought i wanted to pursue a career as an MRI Technologist. When I started the radiology program I always felt and said to myself \'93this isn\'92t for me\'94. I moved from NY to Florida back on June\'9213. I tried different other options for careers, nothing worked for me until one day someone spoke to me about The Iron Yard.\
\
Code and Programming???? Am I nuts?? the answer to that is \'93hell noooooo\'94. I started reading up on TIY immediately interested in iOS development. The more i kept on researching about it, the more I became intrigued to the point that I said to myself \'93I can do this\'94. I have no clue what i was signing up for me. This shit is super hard and challenging. Its totally out of my \'93comfort zone\'94 if you will. All I know is that I want to be an iOS developer. I want to create apps that will be beneficial, functional for people, organizations and help build an app that will make people\'92s life easier. I would love to work for a company and be involved with a team of developers to build \'91on-the-job\'92 experience, become very proficient to the point that I can build apps for clients on the side and build a cliental in order to build my own business eventually. Finally, I just want to enjoy a rewarding career and have fun building apps and make MONEY!!!! :-D}